src/main/docs/guide/distributedconfiguration.adoc, before:

Micronaut AWS supports distributed configuration via services such as https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager] and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html[AWS System Manager Parameter Store].

You can create environment-specific configurations as well by including the environment name after an underscore `_`. For example if `micronaut.application.name` is set to `helloworld`, specifying configuration values under `helloworld_test` will be applied only to the `test` environment.

.Configuration Resolution Precedence
|===
|Precedence|Directory|Description

|🔝
|`/config/application`
|Configuration shared by all applications

|🔝🔝
|`/config/[APPLICATION_NAME]`
|Application-specific configuration, example `/config/hello-world`

|🔝🔝🔝
|`/config/application_prod`
|Configuration shared by all applications for the `prod` https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/#environments[Environment]

|🔝🔝🔝🔝
|`/config/[APPLICATION_NAME]_prod`
|Application-specific configuration for an active https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/#environments[Environment]

|===

For example, if the configuration name `/config/application_test/server.url` is configured in AWS Parameter Store, any application connecting to that parameter store can retrieve the value using `server.url`. If the application has `micronaut.application.name` configured to be `myapp`, a value with the name `/config/myapp_test/server.url` overrides the value just for that application.

include::{includedir}configurationProperties/io.micronaut.aws.distributedconfiguration.AwsDistributedConfigurationProperties.adoc[]

Commit message:

fix #1116 Add trailing slash to documentation

src/main/docs/guide/distributedconfiguration.adoc, after:

Micronaut AWS supports distributed configuration via services such as https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager] and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html[AWS System Manager Parameter Store].

You can create environment-specific configurations as well by including the environment name after an underscore `_`. For example if `micronaut.application.name` is set to `helloworld`, specifying configuration values under `helloworld_test` will be applied only to the `test` environment.

Note the trailing slash in the configuration names.

.Configuration Resolution Precedence
|===
|Precedence|Directory|Description

|🔝
|`/config/application/`
|Configuration shared by all applications

|🔝🔝
|`/config/[APPLICATION_NAME]/`
|Application-specific configuration, example `/config/hello-world`

|🔝🔝🔝
|`/config/application_prod/`
|Configuration shared by all applications for the `prod` https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/#environments[Environment]

|🔝🔝🔝🔝
|`/config/[APPLICATION_NAME]_prod/`
|Application-specific configuration for an active https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/#environments[Environment]

|===

For example, if the configuration name `/config/application_test/server.url` is configured in AWS Parameter Store, any application connecting to that parameter store can retrieve the value using `server.url`. If the application has `micronaut.application.name` configured to be `myapp`, a value with the name `/config/myapp_test/server.url` overrides the value just for that application.

include::{includedir}configurationProperties/io.micronaut.aws.distributedconfiguration.AwsDistributedConfigurationProperties.adoc[]
