src/main/docs/guide/lambda/customRuntimes.adoc, before:

You may wish to implement a custom runtime, for example if you wish to use a different JVM than the one AWS provides.

The api:function.aws.runtime.MicronautLambdaRuntime[] class provides an implementation that you can use to execute a custom runtime.

The following is an example `bootstrap`

.Example `bootstrap`
[source,bash]
#!/bin/sh
set -euo pipefail
java -XX:TieredStopAtLevel=1 -noverify -cp server.jar io.micronaut.function.aws.runtime.MicronautLambdaRuntime

You need to create a zip bundle including the `bootstrap` and your application JAR filed (in the above case named `server.jar`) for deployment to AWS and specify a runtime of `provided`. For example:

[source,bash]
aws lambda create-function --function-name my-function \
--zip-file fileb://function.zip --handler function.handler --runtime provided \
--role arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/lambda_basic_execution

TIP: See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-walkthrough.html[Publishing a Custom Runtime] for more information.

Commit message:

Change default group / update docs

src/main/docs/guide/lambda/customRuntimes.adoc, after:

You may wish to implement a custom runtime, for example if you wish to use a different JVM than the one AWS provides.

The api:function.aws.runtime.MicronautLambdaRuntime[] class provides an implementation that you can use to execute a custom runtime. You need to add the `` dependency to your build:

dependency:micronaut-function-aws-custom-runtime[groupId="io.micronaut.aws"]

Then create a `bootstrap` bash script. The following is an example `bootstrap`

.Example `bootstrap`
[source,bash]
#!/bin/sh
set -euo pipefail
java -XX:TieredStopAtLevel=1 -noverify -cp server.jar io.micronaut.function.aws.runtime.MicronautLambdaRuntime

You then need to create a zip bundle including the `bootstrap` and your application JAR filed (in the above case named `server.jar`) for deployment to AWS and specify a runtime of `provided`. For example:

[source,bash]
aws lambda create-function --function-name my-function \
--zip-file fileb://function.zip --handler function.handler --runtime provided \
--role arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/lambda_basic_execution

TIP: See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-walkthrough.html[Publishing a Custom Runtime] for more information.
