src/main/docs/guide/lambda/lambdaTutorials.adoc, before:

Check the step-by-step tutorials to get you started:

[%header,cols=3*]
|===
| Application Type
| Runtime
| Tutorial
| Application
| Java 11
| Deploy a Micronaut application to AWS Lambda Java 11 Runtime https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-java11/guide/index.html[JAVA] https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-java11-kotlin/guide/index.html[KOTLIN] https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-java11-groovy/guide/index.html[GROOVY]
| Serverless Function
| Java 11
| Deploy a Serverless Micronaut function to AWS Lambda Java 11 Runtime https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda/guide/index.html[JAVA] https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda-kotlin/guide/index.html[KOTLIN] https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda-groovy/guide/index.html[GROOVY]
| Application
| GraalVM Native Image in Custom Runtime
| Deploy a Micronaut application as a GraalVM Native Image to AWS Lambda https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-graalvm/guide/index.html[JAVA] https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-graalvm-kotlin/guide/index.html[KOTLIN]
| Serverless Function
| GraalVM Native Image in Custom Runtime
| Deploy a Serverless Micronaut function as a GraalVM Native Image to AWS Lambda https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda-graalvm/guide/index.html[JAVA]
|===

Commit message:

Fix broken links (#1142)
* doc: fix link to Environment

* doc: fix to Micronaut AWS 2 breaking changes

* doc: fix to EnvironmentAWSCredentialsProvider

* doc: fix to MicronautLambdaTest

* doc: remove links to deleted classes

IntentHandler and AnnoatedRequest handler have been removed

* doc: fix link to AWSClientConfiguration

* doc: update link to Lambda Guides

close: https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-aws/issues/1100

* doc: link to lambda s3 and cron guides

src/main/docs/guide/lambda/lambdaTutorials.adoc, after:

Check the step-by-step tutorials to get you started:

[%header,cols=3*]
|===
| Application Type
| Runtime
| Tutorial
| Application
| Java 11
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/mn-application-aws-lambda-java11.html[Deploy a Micronaut application to AWS Lambda Java 11 Runtime]
| Serverless Function
| Java 11
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda.html[Deploy a Serverless Micronaut function to AWS Lambda Java 11 Runtime]
| Application
| GraalVM Native Image in Custom Runtime
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/mn-application-aws-lambda-graalvm.html[Deploy a Micronaut application as a GraalVM Native Image to AWS Lambda]
| Serverless Function
| GraalVM Native Image in Custom Runtime
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/mn-serverless-function-aws-lambda-graalvm.html[Deploy a Micronaut function as a GraalVM Native Image to AWS Lambda]
| Serverless Function
| Java 11
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/micronaut-aws-lambda-s3-event.html[Micronaut AWS Lambda and S3 Event]
| Serverless Function
| Java 11
| https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/micronaut-aws-lambda-eventbridge-event.html[Micronaut AWS Lambda and a Cron Job]
|===
