src/main/docs/guide/lambda/mdc.adoc, before:

`micronaut-function-aws` adds SLF4J Mapping Diagnostic Context Key/Value pairs for:

[%header,cols=2*]
|===
| MDC Key
| Description
| AWSRequestId
| The AWS request ID associated with the request.
| AWSFunctionName
| The name of the function being executed.
| AWSFunctionVersion
| The version of the function being executed.
| AWSFunctionArn
| The function Arn of the resource being invoked.
| AWSFunctionMemoryLimit
| The memory size configured for the Lambda function
| AWSFunctionRemainingTime
| The time remaining for this execution in milliseconds
| AWS-XRAY-TRACE-ID
| Amazon XRay trace id.
|===

You can use those MDC Keys in a logging pattern:

[source,xml]
----
<configuration>
    <appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <withJansi>false</withJansi>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%d{yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss} %X{AWSRequestId} %X{AWSFunctionVersion}  %X{AWS-XRAY-TRACE-ID} %-5p %c{1} - %m%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender>
    <root level="info">
        <appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
    </root>
    <logger name="groovycalamari.bots.l337" level="TRACE"/>
</configuration>
----

You can configure the MDC Key population with:

include::{includedir}configurationProperties/io.micronaut.function.aws.logging.MappingDiagnosticContextConfigurationProperties.adoc[]

Commit message:

mdc put as protected MicronautRequestHandler methods

src/main/docs/guide/lambda/mdc.adoc, after:

`micronaut-function-aws` adds SLF4J Mapping Diagnostic Context Key/Value pairs for:

[%header,cols=2*]
|===
| MDC Key
| Description
| AWSRequestId
| The AWS request ID associated with the request.
| AWSFunctionName
| The name of the function being executed.
| AWSFunctionVersion
| The version of the function being executed.
| AWSFunctionArn
| The function Arn of the resource being invoked.
| AWSFunctionMemoryLimit
| The memory size configured for the Lambda function
| AWSFunctionRemainingTime
| The time remaining for this execution in milliseconds
| AWS-XRAY-TRACE-ID
| Amazon XRay trace id.
|===

You can use those MDC Keys in a logging pattern:

[source,xml]
----
<configuration>
    <appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <withJansi>false</withJansi>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%d{yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss} %X{AWSRequestId} %X{AWSFunctionVersion}  %X{AWS-XRAY-TRACE-ID} %-5p %c{1} - %m%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender>
    <root level="info">
        <appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
    </root>
    <logger name="groovycalamari.bots.l337" level="TRACE"/>
</configuration>
----

Override api:function.aws.MicronautRequestHandler[] `populateMappingDiagnosticContextValues` or `populateMappingDiagnosticContextWithXrayTraceId` methods to adjust the functionality to your needs.
